Update: 04/06/2021: I still have this phone. Still works amazing. Battery lasts me all day even at 50%. Works like new. 100% worth every penny :).

Update: 10/27/2020: My phone still works the same way it did when I got it even though I’ve dropped it and mishandled it a few times :)

Update 03/14/2020: This phone still works perfectly. I don’t carry my charger with me during the day anymore. 64GB is a perfect amount of storage. This phone has frozen up less than 5 times since I got it. Screen still looks great (I cracked it but it’s working) and everything is still fast and accurate. I’ve had no issues. This is the best phone I’ve had in a while. Also the camera is amazing and I’ve come to fall in love with it. (I’ve attached a picture I took with the phone below)

My phone is amazing! Obviously I’d show it if I wasn’t on it right now. I waited a few days before making this review so I could make sure no quirks popped up.

First of all this is the best battery life I’ve ever had on a phone EVER. I went out for 8 hours and came home and my phone was on 74% at the end of the day. Same thing with school. My phone was at about 50% at the end of the school day. Now it charges pretty slowly in my opinion but the slow charging is definitely worth the battery.

Size wise the phone is pretty big. It is a handful to hold and hard to throw in my pocket. The screen size is beautiful for watching videos and doing digital stuff but the phone is just a little big.

The software works perfectly. The touch is fine, Face ID is incredibly fast and accurate, and it opens apps very fast. It also responds really well to my touch. My last phone did not.

The speaker is amazing. It’s so loud that I didn’t even need my speaker in the shower. The phone was loud enough by itself. I took a call in a room full of noisy kids and my dad said he couldn’t even really hear them. So they cancel noise. Microphone is good. I can say “hey Siri” quietly and it’ll activate.

Overall I’m really impressed. I was very nervous looking at other reviews but my phone is working so perfectly right now. I am definitely satisfied especially with paying $200 less than apple was charging.

Then again I upgraded from a cracked 6s so that could be the reason I’m so over the moon haha